
# Generated by Aista

This application was automatically generated with [Aista Magic Cloud](https://aista.com).
It features easy translation into your language(s) of choice, and provides a default starter-kit for your CRUD
apps. Notice, to create _"an app"_ out of this website, just click the
bookmark button on your phone, and choose _"Add to home screen"_, and it will behave more or less exactly like
a native app, as long as the user has an internet connection. In the _"helpers"_ folder you can find
several helper components, allowing you to change any aspect of your entity fields, to for instance provide
file upload, image capturing, etc. These are as follows.

* __magic-autocomplete__ - Helps you when creating new entities when a field in your entity is referencing another field in another table. Useful for larger datasets.
* __magic-file__ - Helps you when creating new entities when a field in your entity should be wrapping a file physically on disc in your backend, as in uploading files and associate these with data entities.
* __magic-file-view__ - Helps you when viewing an entity and downloading an associated file when a field is wrapping a physical file.
* __magic-filter__ - Helps you create filtering controls when a field in an item is referencing another field in another table.
* __magic-image__ - Same as the magic-file, except it allows you to upload images specifically, and will automatically resize your images if you want it to.
* __magic-image-view__ - The equivalent of the magic-file component, except it will display images inline on your form.
* __magic-selector__ - The same as magic-autocomplete but will create a select dropdown list instead of an autocompleter and hence is more useful for smaller datasets.

All of the above custom components are fairly well documented in the TypeScript files, and you can easily include them 
as you see fit in your own applications. Besides from the above special components, everything in this template is
plain and standard Angular components, besides the occassional 3rd party component, used to for instance allow
the user to pick a date and time, etc. The latter are open source libraries you can find documentation for if
you search for your component's name.

This project also allows you to easily integrate CI and CD on your code, automatically deploying new versions to
your cloudlet as changes are pushed to a GitHub repository containing your code.

## Start your app locally

1. Open a terminal window in this folder
2. Execute `npm link`
3. Execute `ng serve --port 4202`
4. Open a browser window at [localhost:4202](http://localhost:4202)

## Automatically deploying the app to your cloudlet

1. Import the app's code to a GitHub repository
2. Generate a token using your Magic Dashboard and add as a secret `TOKEN` to your GitHub repository
3. Every time you now push changes to your GitHub master or main branch a new version will be automatically deployed

* [Read more about Aista here](https://aista.com)

